What is features of react?
Why do we need react

1. Components
2. JSX
3. One way data binding
4. Virtual DOM
5. Performance

1. Components- Components nothing but individual pieces, like a bricks you assembel the brick to build a building.
You develop each Component separately and bring it together to form in application. So you will building lot of 
Components in React.

2.JSX- Javascript XML
XML is also standard data fromat like json. So react use XML but also add power to it which is javascript.
So JSX stands for javascript and XML. You can combine the power of xml as well as javascript to build your react 
application. XML is also like html but thing is that you can create your own tag. So react levareage that power
as well as javascript power to perform syntax known as jsx. You will use javascript and html but along with this 
you will use xml. And It has extention of xml using javascript.

3. One way data binding- one way means single path and data binding means you can imagine as compiling means it
happen in just one line top to bottom compiles everything and build your application.

*Frontend is fancy word for DOM manipulation. It is related to the next thing that we will discuss.
*React simplifes DOM manipulation - moto that you can having tasks done without even touching the DOM
-React helps you with the Virtual DOM

4. Virtual DOM-
* First of all what is DOM- Document Object Model which is javascript object represent of html or your website.
* Let suppose you have original dom that is always responsible to build your website. but react moto is not allows
to touch the original dom but get your task done, cause react know the actually we hate the dom. So make users 
happy react came with the concept of virtual dom.
* Virtual Dom also has the same thing, connections, parent-child elements as original dom. They have same thing as
copy mirror. When you update something on dom virtual dom will get update too.
* React provided with you the features that original dom doesnt support, so react has Performance and Optimization.
So original dom doesnt support this feature that is why react came with virtual dom that will support this features
which helps developer to easily build web application.
So react does it copies virtual dom content and update the original dom.
* Whenever you uses new features in virtual dom react recognized that and updates it to the original dom.
As developer we are to lazy to take care of somethings so react is the intelligent one that take care of Performance 
and Optimization while updating the original dom.

Interview Ques-
* What is reconciliation? - The process of searching for virtual dom and then update original dom it is known as
reconciliation.

The algorithm React uses to find the diffrent between one tree with another to determine which parts need to 
be changed. reconciliation not changed all the update to the original dom, it just update the part that was 
changed on virtual dom.

*which is a new react engines that it uses? -
Fiber
