Who is the founder of React?
Jordan Walke
React was created by Jordan Walke, a software engineer at Meta, who released an early prototype of React
called "FaxJS". He was influenced by XHP, an HTML component library for PHP.

When invented?
React.JS History -
Initial Release to the Public (V0.3.0) was in July 2013. React.JS was first used in 2011 for Facebook's 
Newsfeed feature. Facebook Software Engineer, Jordan Walke, created it. Current version of create-react-app 
is v5.0.1 (April 2022).

React and React native -
React is used to make web application and react native is using to make mobile application
including ios and android mobile application.
In react native also you can write the code at once and export it for both ios and android system cause its needs
same code but the only diff. is comiplers are same like web application needs desktop compilers and mobile 
application needs mobiles comiplers.

Few years back Class was the only way to build an react application. Instead of that in updation we uses functions.
functions provides more performance that class and make code also more simplifies.

How to download react?
1. Go to official website -> reactjs.org

2. Go to create new react app ->
React has diff. ways to create react app ->
create react app (command) - by Facebook - use bootstrap framework 
next.js - created vercel with using next.js - amazing framework - next of react
gatsby - one of the app that uses react
there are also more flexibles toolchains like above

3. Go to your terminal/cmd -> go to your desktop (where you wanna create react app/folder)
run -> npx create-react-app my-app (command)
hit enter -> it will install everything

npx - nothing but something that helps you to install that libraries needs the permission from administrator 
for your application or system. Create react app needs this permission and npx helps you to give that.

my app - it is nothing but folder name, you can change it 

4. if we will got the error to install only then use -> run ->
npm i -g create-react-app (command)
after that -> run ->
npx npx create-react-app my-app

5. after installing -> run ->
cd my-app (go to created react folder)-> run ->
code . (vs code will open up with this comman)

Let check folder and keep only what you need for creating react app-

1. In package.json-
We have dependencies like testing libraries that we dont need but they are preinstall with react.
we will find react, react-dom(virtual dom), react scripts(for perform reconciliation) installed in react.
web vitals are also there that is like agent that will give you like details of the performance.

There are also scripts like-
start- start your application - for developing you will using start, when you have done development you can build
build- build your application - for pushing on production you will use build
test - test your application - for testing you should have testing libraries setup first only then you can test
eject - right now your react app being maintain with owner facebook with all the scripts react has so Whenever
you will get updation react will updated but if you eject it your are just isolating from that, it will mean
that you dont want their updates anymore and you wanna be separate from that. After ejecting you will get new 
folder called eject and you cannot revort again. Once it ejected you can go back, youre not even associate with
react anymore. It will building your own version of app, that you wont get react updates. So always do not eject.
Cause reacts releases new updates and you wont able to get that updates.

2.README.md file-
You will have npm here so will get package-lock.json file separately. And this contents all the libraries that
we are using, and imp do not touch this file cause one single update can cause your application to break.

3. .gitignore file-
this file ignore unwanted and big files here to push on github. create-rect-app also setup git intialization for
you and rest of the things we have to set up.

4. index.html -
If you go inside it will says that this file is template if you open it in browser you will see an empty page.
If i add some content to it, I'll get it so why it says that it will empty cause you directly input the element 
to it to perform cause it will only work if you directly import to it but what about dynamic elements that you
write in your virtual dom. but html tracks it into original dom so it showing content and if you work with 
virtual dom it will show nothing.
So build when you build the react application it will accessible in that html file.

How react app start/ how we can run react app-
type command -> npm start
It will get start on the localhost ->
If you want to stop this application enter ctrl+c in terminal 



